General Doc refresher (#232)
AdaptiveMotorControlLab/CEBRA: docs/source/usage.rst

     assert discrete_label.shape == (100, )
     assert continuous_label.shape == (100, 3)

     # 3. Split data and labels into train/validation

    from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split

    split_idx = int(0.8 * len(neural_data)) 

>     #suggest: 5%-20% depending on your dataset size; note this also split 
>              early/late, which might not be ideal for your data/expt!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # suggestion: 5%-20% depending on your dataset size; note that this splits the
    # into an early and late part, which might not be ideal for your data/experiment!
    # As a more involved alternative, consider e.g. a nested time-series split.
```
